Due to restrictions with Shopify, in order to customise the look and feel and upload images for each Artist we create a Product (what we refer to as an Artist Product) and use the Artist Product attributes to customise the look and feel of the Artist.

### Creating a new Artist Product
1. Create a Product
2. Add the Product to the `Artists` collection
3. Set the template of the Product to `product.artist`
4. Save the Product

## Artist Contribution Collection

An Artist can link to the collection they contributed to by adding the Artist Product to the Collection.

e.g. If Jean Moran contributed to the F/W 2014 Collection you would add the Product with the handle `jean-moran` to two Collections: `artists`, and `f-w-2014`.

## Artist Listing

The look and feel of an Artist on the [Artists Listing](https://ohlin.myshopify.com/collections/artists) page is done via the Artist Product.

### Listing title

The title for the listing page can be set by updating the title of the Collection `artists`.

### Listing description

The description for the listing page can be set by updating the description of the Collection `artists`.

### Artist Listing image

The listing image can be set by uploading an image and setting it as the feature image (the first image).

### Artist Listing title

The title shown for an Artist can be set by updating the Artist Product title.

### Artist Listing title color

The title color can be set by creating a tag with the prefix `listing-color-` followed by the color value.  
e.g. `#listing-color-#ffffff`

## Artist Page

The look and feel of an Artist on the [Artist Page](https://ohlin.myshopify.com/collections/jean-moran) page is done via the Artist Product.

### Header image

The main image can be set by uploading an image and setting the `alt` as `header-image`.

### Header background color

The background color can be set by creating a tag with the prefix `header-bg-` followed by the color value.  
e.g. `#header-bg-#000000`

### Bio image

The bio image can be set by uploading an image and setting the `alt` as `bio-image`.

### Bio title

The title can be set by updating the Product title.

### Bio description

The title can be set by updating the Product description.

### Images

Any images that do not have the alt tag `listing-image`, `header-image` or `bio-image` will be shown below the author bio.

### Featured Collection products

Two products are selected and are shown at the bottom of the Artist page, these are selected from Products in the Artist Contribution Collection with a vendor that matches the handle for the Artist Collection. 
e.g. `jean-moran`

## Homepage

The look and feel of an Artist on the [Artist Page](https://ohlin.myshopify.com/collections/jean-moran) page is done via the Artist Product.

### Title color

The title color is the same as that set for the listings page.

### Feature image

The feature image is the same as that set for the listings page.

### Background color

The background color can be set by creating a tag with the prefix `feature-bg-` followed by the color value.  
e.g. `#feature-bg-#000000`