The homepage is managed through the Customize theme section of Shopify.

### How to get to customize theme section
1. Login to the Shopify admin
2. Click on `Themes` in the left sidebar
3. Click on `Customise theme`

### Add Collection Campaign Feature

The collection campaign feature shows the collection listings module for the chosen collection. It will use the image from the collection product (that also appears on the collections landing page)

1. Select `Collection Campaign` from type
2. Enter the handle for the campaign you want to feature ex. f-w-2016
3. Click `Publish changes`

### Add Collection Campaign Image

The collection campaign Image lets you update your own image for the specified collection

1. Select `Collection Campaign` from type
2. Enter the handle for the campaign you want to feature ex. f-w-2016
3. Upload an image to the `Files` section of the admin and copy the url
4. Paste the url into the `Attribute 1` Field
4. Click `Publish changes`

### Add Collection Video feature

The collection video feature shows a full size video and links through to the chosen collection.

1. Select `Collection Video` from type
2. Enter the handle for the campaign you want to link to
3. Enter the URL for the different video types in the marked attribute fields (See how to upload files)
4. Click `Publish changes`

### Product grid

The product grid feature shows three product images in a loose grid from the chosen filter.

1. Select `Product grid` from type
2. Enter the handle to filter the product grid by (the handle must be in the `Filter Collections` link list)
3. Click `Publish changes`

### Add Product Video feature

The product video feature shows a full size video with a call to action for the chosen product filter.

1. Select `Product Video` from type
2. Enter the handle for the product filter you want to link to  (the handle must be in the `Filter Collections` link list)
3. Enter the URL for the different video types in the marked attribute fields (See how to upload files)
4. Click `Publish changes`

### Product filter

The product filter feature shows an image for each product filter in the `Filter Collections` link list. The image from the first product in each filter will be shown with a rule to ensure the same product is not shown twice.

1. Select `Product filter` from type
2. Enter the handle for the initial filter (the handle must be in the `Filter Collections` link list)
3. Click `Publish changes`

To set the initial filter to display:
1. go to theme options -> homepage
2. on the right side go to the feature called "Product Filter"
3. set Handle to match the `Product filter` from the link list

### Artist feature

The artist feature shows the artist listing module for the chosen artist.

1. Select `Artist` from type
2. Enter the handle for the artist to feature
3. Click `Publish changes`

The look and feel of an Artist on the [Artist Page](https://ohlin.myshopify.com/collections/jean-moran) page is done via the Artist Product.

#### Title color

The title color is the same as that set for the listings page.

#### Feature image

The feature image is the same as that set for the listings page.

#### Background color

The background color can be set by creating a tag with the prefix `feature-bg-` followed by the color value.  
e.g. `#feature-bg-#000000`


## Shop

The shop section will automatically pull 9 images from the shop page to display.

## Look

The collection used to find an image for the Look section is set in under CTA Look. Choose a collection and then the image will be found using the logic described below.

### Look image

The image shown can be set by uploading an image to a Collection Product and setting the `alt` as `index-cta-look`.

If no image is found, then the first image will be shown.

